# Module Quiz: Software collaboration

1. What is Revision History in Version Control?
   - A record of all changes in a project
   - A record of all users in a project
   - A record of all bugs in a project
   ```
   A: A record of all changes in a project
   ```

2. When using a Distributed Version Control System, a connection to a central server is always required to perform an action.
   - True
   - False
   ```
   A: False
   ```

3. A Version Control system allows you to roll back your files back to a specific point in time.
   - True
   - False
   ```
   A: True
   ```

4. When using a Centralised Version Control system, for other developers to see your changes you must commit them to a central server.
   - True
   - False
   ```
   A: True
   ```

5. Version Control is inefficient when multiple developers work on one project.
   - True
   - False
   ```
   A: False
   ```

6. __________________ automatically packages an application and prepares it for deployment.
   - Continuous Deployment
   - Continuous Integration
   - Continuous Delivery
   ```
   A: Continuous Delivery
   ```

7. Which of the following are distributed Version Control Systems? Select all that apply.
   - Concurrent Versions System
   - Git
   - Mercurial
   - Subversion
   ```
   A: Git, Mercurial
   ```

8. What are the main benefits of having a staging environment?
   - It can allow teams to demo or showcase new features in a controlled environment.
   - It provides a safe place to test and verify changes prior to being deployed to a live production environment.
   - A staging environment mimics the production environment which allows for more accurate testing to find any possible issues. 
   - It allows developers to add new features directly to production.
   ```
   A: It can allow teams to demo or showcase new features in a controlled environment, It provides a safe place to test and verify changes prior to being deployed to a live production environment, A staging environment mimics the production environment which allows for more accurate testing to find any possible issues
   ```