# Module quiz: Design and test

1. The purpose of a wireframe is to create a basic structure for each screen in the design before things like branding, colors and images are considered.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: True
    ```

2. What is involved in usability testing? Select all that apply. 
    - A Letter of Consent
    - A test script
    - Tasks 
    - Personas
    - A facilitator or researcher
    - Participants
    ```
    A: A Letter of Consent
            A test script
            Tasks 
            A facilitator or researcher
            Participants
    ```

3. Usability testing cannot be done online.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

4. What are the advantages of rapid prototyping? Select all that apply.
    - Addresses and solves problems
    - Validates a product section in a relatively short period
    - Identifies problems or pain points early in the design process
    - Provides the user with visuals
    ```
    A: Addresses and solves problems
            Validates a product section in a relatively short period
            Identifies problems or pain points early in the design process
            Provides the user with visuals
    ```

5. You should not name your layers in Figma.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

6. Is there a difference between Groups and Frames in Figma?
    - Yes
    - No
    ```
    A: Yes
    ```

7. Which of the following are fidelity levels in prototyping?
    - High-fidelity
    - Low-fidelity
    - Mid-fidelity
    - No-fidelity
    ```
    A: High-fidelity
            Low-fidelity
            Mid-fidelity
    ```

8. Constraints help maintain consistent spacing across different container sizes and configuring resizing behavior.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: True
    ```

9. A grid is the intersection of rows and columns that create units of space. Each design element (text, images or buttons) fits into modules.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

10. Which of these elements are included in typography terminology? Select all that apply.
    - Cap Height
    - Calibri
    - Arial
    - Kerning
    - Weight
    - Baseline
    ```
    A: Cap Height 
            Kerning 
            Weight
            Baseline

    ```