# Module quiz: Evaluating interactive design

1. The hamburger icon is a menu icon that opens an inline menu.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

2. Who wrote the 10 Usability Heuristics for UI design?
    - Ben Shneiderman
    - Dieter Rams
    - Jakob Nielsen
    ```
    A: Jakob Nielsen
    ```

3. Should a form field have a minimum character count, for example, a first name with three characters?
    - Yes
    - No
    ```
    A: No
    ```

4. Which of these form-field labels are necessary? Select all that apply. 
    - Optional 
    - Fail feedback
    - Required
    ```
    A: Optional 
            Fail feedback
            Required
    ```

5. Is the following statement one of Dieter Rams’ 10 Principles of Good Design?
    “Good design is as little design as possible.” 
    - Yes
    - No
    ```
    A: Yes
    ```

6. Is the following statement one of Dieter Rams’ 10 Principles of Good Design?
    “Strive for consistency.” 
    - Yes
    - No
    ```
    A: No
    ```

7. What is a severity rating in a heuristic evaluation?
    - It’s a score of how well the item lines up with a heuristic.
    - It defines a score between zero and four to indicate how much it violates a heuristic.
    ```
    A: It defines a score between zero and four to indicate how much it violates a heuristic.
    ```

8. What is an error rating?
    - It’s a score of how badly the item lines up with a heuristic.
    - It defines a score between zero and four to indicate how easily the violation may be fixed.
    ```
    A: It defines a score between zero and four to indicate how easily the violation may be fixed.
    ```

9. A brand style guide is a set of reusable pre-made design components and patterns that can be used to design products at scale.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

10. Who wrote the 8 Golden Rules for UI Design?
    - Dieter Rams
    - Jakob Nielsen
    - Ben Shneiderman
    ```
    A: Ben Shneiderman
    ```
