# Module quiz: Design and test

1. A brand style guide specifies every aspect of the look and feel of the brand. 
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: True
    ```

2. What is not included in a brand style guide?
    - Pictures and images
    - Typefaces
    - Color palette
    - A design system
    ```
    A: A design system
    ```

3. Can you use “fill” to insert an image in Figma?
    - Yes
    - No
    ```
    A: Yes
    ```

   4. A story board is a space where designers can freely explore their ideas without judgment at the start of a project. When a board is finished, it serves as a resource for the team throughout the project. 
     - True
     - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

5. Micro-animations begin with a trigger and progress to a set of instructions represented visually through animations. The visual output of the micro-interaction is animation. 
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

6. What are the benefits of incorporating micro-interactions into a product? Select all that apply.
    - Avoiding user errors.
    - Increase the feeling of direct manipulation.
    - Complete a small task.
    - Provide feedback on the outcome of an action.
    - Assist users in seeing the outcome of their actions.
    ```
    A: Avoiding user errors.
       Increase the feeling of direct manipulation.
       Complete a small task.
       Provide feedback on the outcome of an action.
       Assist users in seeing the outcome of their actions.
    ```

7. Micro-animations are very useful for rewarding the user after completing an action, such as submitting a form.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: True
    ```

8. According to research, common patterns for the eye to follow are __________? Select all that apply.
    - Z
    - F
    - B
    - E
    ```
    A: Z
       F
       E
    ```

9. There are abstract elements in a design system.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: True
    ```

10. Can you share your prototype in Figma with your team members and stakeholders?
    - Yes
    - No
    ```
    A: Yes
    ```